README.md, before:

﻿# awesome-toronto
Awesome tips to guide you in Toronto, Canada 🇨🇦

## Airports
- [International Pearson Airport](https://www.torontopearson.com/)
- [Regional Airport (Usually 1h/2h flights)](https://www.portstoronto.com/)

## Transportation
- [Subway Map](http://www.ttc.ca/Subway/interactive_map/interactive_map.jsp#)
- Uber is available
- Lyft is available
- [Metrolinx Go Train](http://www.metrolinx.com/en/) - Connects cities around Toronto

## Parks
- [High Park](http://www.highparktoronto.com/)
- [Allan Gardens](https://www.toronto.ca/data/parks/prd/facilities/complex/41/index.html)
- [Edwards Gardens](https://torontobotanicalgarden.ca/get-gardening/public-gardens/edwards-gardens/)
- [Trinity Bellwoods Park](http://www.trinitybellwoods.ca/)
- [Tommy Thompson Park](https://tommythompsonpark.ca/)
- [Grange Park](http://grangeparktoronto.ca/grange-park-today/)
- [Dufferin Grove Park](https://www.toronto.ca/explore-enjoy/parks-gardens-beaches/)
- [Sunnybrook Park](https://www.toronto.ca/data/parks/prd/facilities/complex/28/index.html)

## Museums/Arts
- [Royal Ontario Museum](http://www.rom.on.ca/)
- [Hockey Hall of Fame](https://www.hhof.com/)
- [Aga Khan Museum](https://www.agakhanmuseum.org/)
- [Toronto Railway Museum](http://www.torontorailwaymuseum.ca/trm2018/)
- [Beta Shoe Museum](http://www.batashoemuseum.ca)
- Casa Loma: Casa Loma is a Gothic Revival style mansion and garden in midtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada, that is now a historic house museum and landmark. It was constructed from 1911 to 1914 as a residence for financier Sir Henry Pellatt.
[Casa Loma Official Website](http://casaloma.ca/) and [Casa Loma Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Casa_Loma)
- [Ripley's Aquarium of Canada](https://www.ripleyaquariums.com/canada/)
- [Ontario Science Centre](https://www.ontariosciencecentre.ca/)
- [Art Gallery of Ontario](https://ago.ca/)

## Tourism
- [CN Tower](http://www.cntower.ca/)
- [Toronto Island](http://www.torontoisland.com/)
- Ontario Legislative Building: This is the building portraited in the front cover of RUSH's album Moving Pictures, a must visit for RUSH fans!
- [The Toronto Zoo](http://www.torontozoo.com/): The Toronto Zoo is the largest zoo in Canada and set in the beautiful Rouge Valley. The zoo is located near the Rouge River, along the western border of Rouge Park in the city's east end district of Scarborough.
[The Toronto Zoo Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toronto_Zoo)

## Bars and Restaurants
- Fine Food
- Cheap Food
- Sports Bar
- Stake House
- Noka (Bloor st) for Asian Food
- Queen Warehouse / El Furniture
- Jack Astors
- [Onoir Restaurant](http://www.onoirtoronto.com/) Fun and unique dining experience
- Marche Movenpick
- [Figs and Olives Kitchen](http://figsnolives.ca/)
- [R&D](https://www.rdspadina.com/) Asian Fusion and Chinese Food
- [Fishman Lobster Clubhouse](https://flctoronto.com/) Chinese Food
- [Grey Gardens](http://www.greygardens.ca/)

## Worth Seeing/Doing
- Yonge-Dundas Square: [Official website](http://www.ydsquare.ca/) & [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yonge%E2%80%93Dundas_Square)
- Trains Expo by the CN Tower
- Taking the 510 in the evening to appreciate the view around Roger Centre / CN Tower
- The Orbit Room: Good bar with live music founded by RUSH's guitarist Alex Lifeson, this is a must go for RUSH fans! (http://www.orbitroom.ca/about_us)
- See a sports game[Check out Leafs Games here](https://www.nhl.com/mapleleafs/schedule/2018-09-01/ET)
- [Graffiti Alley (Google Maps)](https://www.google.ca/maps/place/Graffiti+Alley,+Toronto,+ON,+Canad%C3%A1/@43.6477094,-79.4016842,17z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x882b34dc5d1879bd:0xb1e3dea697e20389!8m2!3d43.6477085!4d-79.3995188): It is one of the best known locations to see Toronto Graffiti.There is about a kilometer's worth of wall space of varying quality.

## Malls
- [Eaton Centre (Google Maps)](https://goo.gl/maps/aQNcrhaPuh42)
- Yorkdale
- [Dufferin Mall (Wikipedia)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dufferin_Mall)
- [Yorkdale Shopping Centre (Wikipedia)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yorkdale_Shopping_Centre)

## Phone Companies
- [Bell](https://www.bell.ca/)
- [Rogers](https://www.rogers.com/consumer/home)
- [Fido](http://www.fido.ca/)
- [Freedom Mobile - Wind](https://www.freedommobile.ca/)
- [Koodo](https://www.koodomobile.com/)

## Banks
- CIBC
- BMO
- PC Financial (Almost 100% Online)
- RBC
- Tangerine (Almost 100% Online)
- TD

## Hostels
- [Planet Traveler Hostel](https://theplanettraveler.com/)
- [HI Toronto](https://hihostels.ca/en/destinations/ontario/hi-toronto)
- [The Clarence Park](http://www.theclarencepark.com/)
- [The Only Backpacker's Inn](https://the-only-backpackers-inn.com/en-us)
- [All Days Hostel](http://www.alldayshostel.com/)

Commit message:

Updated README.md with information about Toronto
Added museum and tourist attraction

README.md, after:

﻿# awesome-toronto
Awesome tips to guide you in Toronto, Canada 🇨🇦

## Airports
- [International Pearson Airport](https://www.torontopearson.com/)
- [Regional Airport (Usually 1h/2h flights)](https://www.portstoronto.com/)

## Transportation
- [Subway Map](http://www.ttc.ca/Subway/interactive_map/interactive_map.jsp#)
- Uber is available
- Lyft is available
- [Metrolinx Go Train](http://www.metrolinx.com/en/) - Connects cities around Toronto

## Parks
- [High Park](http://www.highparktoronto.com/)
- [Allan Gardens](https://www.toronto.ca/data/parks/prd/facilities/complex/41/index.html)
- [Edwards Gardens](https://torontobotanicalgarden.ca/get-gardening/public-gardens/edwards-gardens/)
- [Trinity Bellwoods Park](http://www.trinitybellwoods.ca/)
- [Tommy Thompson Park](https://tommythompsonpark.ca/)
- [Grange Park](http://grangeparktoronto.ca/grange-park-today/)
- [Dufferin Grove Park](https://www.toronto.ca/explore-enjoy/parks-gardens-beaches/)
- [Sunnybrook Park](https://www.toronto.ca/data/parks/prd/facilities/complex/28/index.html)

## Museums/Arts
- [Royal Ontario Museum](http://www.rom.on.ca/)
- [Hockey Hall of Fame](https://www.hhof.com/)
- [Aga Khan Museum](https://www.agakhanmuseum.org/)
- [Toronto Railway Museum](http://www.torontorailwaymuseum.ca/trm2018/)
- [Beta Shoe Museum](http://www.batashoemuseum.ca)
- Casa Loma: Casa Loma is a Gothic Revival style mansion and garden in midtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada, that is now a historic house museum and landmark. It was constructed from 1911 to 1914 as a residence for financier Sir Henry Pellatt.
[Casa Loma Official Website](http://casaloma.ca/) and [Casa Loma Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Casa_Loma)
- [Ripley's Aquarium of Canada](https://www.ripleyaquariums.com/canada/)
- [Ontario Science Centre](https://www.ontariosciencecentre.ca/)
- [Art Gallery of Ontario](https://ago.ca/)
- [Black Creek Pioneer Village](https://blackcreek.ca/): This open-air heritage museum is a snapshot of rural life in the 19th century. It recreates life in 1867 with restored homes, stores, farms, churches and schools, plus a dedicated crew of costumed villagers.


## Tourism
- [CN Tower](http://www.cntower.ca/)
- [Toronto Island](http://www.torontoisland.com/)
- Ontario Legislative Building: This is the building portraited in the front cover of RUSH's album Moving Pictures, a must visit for RUSH fans!
- [The Toronto Zoo](http://www.torontozoo.com/): The Toronto Zoo is the largest zoo in Canada and set in the beautiful Rouge Valley. The zoo is located near the Rouge River, along the western border of Rouge Park in the city's east end district of Scarborough.
[The Toronto Zoo Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toronto_Zoo)
- [Distillery District](http://www.thedistillerydistrict.com/): The Distillery District is a restored historic area, which has been transformed into a trendy entertainment and shopping district. A variety of entertainment events are held here, the most well-known being the annual Toronto Christmas Market.


## Bars and Restaurants
- Fine Food
- Cheap Food
- Sports Bar
- Stake House
- Noka (Bloor st) for Asian Food
- Queen Warehouse / El Furniture
- Jack Astors
- [Onoir Restaurant](http://www.onoirtoronto.com/) Fun and unique dining experience
- Marche Movenpick
- [Figs and Olives Kitchen](http://figsnolives.ca/)
- [R&D](https://www.rdspadina.com/) Asian Fusion and Chinese Food
- [Fishman Lobster Clubhouse](https://flctoronto.com/) Chinese Food
- [Grey Gardens](http://www.greygardens.ca/)

## Worth Seeing/Doing
- Yonge-Dundas Square: [Official website](http://www.ydsquare.ca/) & [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yonge%E2%80%93Dundas_Square)
- Trains Expo by the CN Tower
- Taking the 510 in the evening to appreciate the view around Roger Centre / CN Tower
- The Orbit Room: Good bar with live music founded by RUSH's guitarist Alex Lifeson, this is a must go for RUSH fans! (http://www.orbitroom.ca/about_us)
- See a sports game[Check out Leafs Games here](https://www.nhl.com/mapleleafs/schedule/2018-09-01/ET)
- [Graffiti Alley (Google Maps)](https://www.google.ca/maps/place/Graffiti+Alley,+Toronto,+ON,+Canad%C3%A1/@43.6477094,-79.4016842,17z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x882b34dc5d1879bd:0xb1e3dea697e20389!8m2!3d43.6477085!4d-79.3995188): It is one of the best known locations to see Toronto Graffiti.There is about a kilometer's worth of wall space of varying quality.

## Malls
- [Eaton Centre (Google Maps)](https://goo.gl/maps/aQNcrhaPuh42)
- Yorkdale
- [Dufferin Mall (Wikipedia)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dufferin_Mall)
- [Yorkdale Shopping Centre (Wikipedia)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yorkdale_Shopping_Centre)

## Phone Companies
- [Bell](https://www.bell.ca/)
- [Rogers](https://www.rogers.com/consumer/home)
- [Fido](http://www.fido.ca/)
- [Freedom Mobile - Wind](https://www.freedommobile.ca/)
- [Koodo](https://www.koodomobile.com/)

## Banks
- CIBC
- BMO
- PC Financial (Almost 100% Online)
- RBC
- Tangerine (Almost 100% Online)
- TD

## Hostels
- [Planet Traveler Hostel](https://theplanettraveler.com/)
- [HI Toronto](https://hihostels.ca/en/destinations/ontario/hi-toronto)
- [The Clarence Park](http://www.theclarencepark.com/)
- [The Only Backpacker's Inn](https://the-only-backpackers-inn.com/en-us)
- [All Days Hostel](http://www.alldayshostel.com/)
